
RIDE,
FLY GUY,
RIDE!


No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted
in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise,
without written permission of the publisher. For information regarding permission,
write to Scholastic Inc., 557 Broadway, New York, NY 10012.
Copyright © 2012 by Tedd Arnold.
All rights reserved. Published by Scholastic Inc. SCHOLASTIC, CARTWHEEL BOOKS, and associated logos are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of Scholastic Inc.
Library of Congress Cataloging-in-Publication Data is available.


ISBN 978-0-545-22276-1
10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1                                                                                                               12 13 14 15 16 17/0
Printed in Singapore   46
First edition, January 2012


Chapter 1
One day, Dad said, " Who wants to go for a ride?"


" We do!" said Buzz and Fly Guy.




"Everyone buckle up!" Dad   said. Then they hit the road with the windows down.


Buzz said, "Oops, Fly Guy, you need some air!"




Buzz stuck his hand out the window and pretended it
was flying.


Suddenly, wind blew in the car and carried Fly Guy out
of the window
and into a passing truck.




Chapter 2


"Follow that truck!" cried Buzz.


Meanwhile, in the truck, Fly Guy tumbled into
the truck driver's mouth.




The truck driver spit Fly Guy out the window.




. . . and into a passing motorboat.




"Follow that boat!" cried Buzz.




Meanwhile, on the boat, Fly Guy saw a man put a bug on a big hook.




"Follow that train!" cried Buzz.                Meanwhile, on the train,
Fly Guy surprised a sleepy elephant.




The elephant blew him off the train . . .




. . . and onto an airplane.




"Follow that airplane!"
cried Buzz.




Meanwhile, on the airplane, the pilot saw Fly Guy and   turned on the wipers.




"Follow that . . . I mean,
follow Fly Guy!" cried Buzz.




Just then, a rocket  roared up from the ground.

Chapter 3
"Follow that rocket!" cried Buzz.




Buzz and Dad landed. The rocket raced into space. "Will Fly Guy survive?" asked Buzz.




"Fly Guy, you're here!" cried Buzz. " The rocket didn't
take you to space!"



