MAGIC TREE HOUSE #1

Dinosaurs  Before Dark
by Mary Pope Osborne





Contents



Cover

Title Page

Copyright

Dedication

1.Into  the  Woods

2.The  Monster

3.Where  Is Here?
4. Henry

5. Gold in the Grass

6.Dinosaur Valley
7.Ready,Set,Go!

8.A      Giant      Shadow
9.The Amazing Ride

10.Home       Before       Dark
Special Preview of Magic Tree House #2:The Knight at Dawn








1.Into  the  Woods

“Help!A monster!”said Annie.
"Yeah,sure,"said Jack.“A real monster in Frog Creek,Pennsylvania." "Run,Jack!"said Annie.She ran up the road.
Oh,brother.

This is what he got for spending time with his seven-year-old sister.
Annie loved pretend stuff.But Jack was eight and a half.He liked real things.
“Watch out,Jack!The monster's coming!Race you!”

"No,thanks,"said Jack.
Annie raced alone into the woods.
Jack looked at the sky.The sun was about to set.

“Come on,Annie!It's time to go home!”

But Annie had disappeared.
Jack waited.

No Annie.

“Annie!”he shouted again.

"Jack!Jack!Come here!"
Jack groaned.“This better be good,”he said.

Jack left the road and headed into the woods.The trees were lit with a golden late-afternoon light.

“Come here!”called Annie.
There she was.Standing under a tall oak tree."Look,"she said.She was pointing at a rope ladder.
The longest rope ladder Jack had ever seen.

“Wow,”he whispered.
The ladder went all the way up to the top of the tree.

There—at the top—was a tree house.It was tucked between two branches.
"That must be the highest tree house in the world,"said Annie.

“Who built it?"asked Jack.“I've never seen it before.”
“I don't know.But I'm going up,”said Annie.
"No.We don't know who it belongs to,"said Jack.

“Just for a teeny minute,”said Annie.She started up the ladder. “Annie,come back!”
She kept climbing.

Jack sighed.“Annie,it's almost dark.We have to go home.”

Annie disappeared inside the tree house.
“An-nie!”
Jack waited a moment.He was about to call again when Annie poked her head out of the tree house window.
"Books!"she shouted.
“What?”

"It's filled with books!"
Oh,man! Jack loved books.
He pushed his glasses into place. He gripped the sides of the rope ladder,and up he went.





2. The Monster

Jack crawled through a hole in the tree house floor.

Wow.The  tree  house  was  filled  with  books.Books  everywhere.Very  old books  with  dusty  covers.New  books  with   shiny,bright  covers.
“Look.You  can  see  far,far  away,”said  Annie.She  was  peering  out  the tree  house  window.
Jack  looked  out  the  window  with  her.Down  below  were  the  tops  of the other  trees.In  the  distance  he   saw  the  Frog  Creek  library.The  elementary school.The    park.

Annie pointed in the other direction.

"There's our house,"she said.
Sure enough.There was their white wooden house with the green porch. Next door was their neighbor's black dog,Henry.He looked very tiny.
“Hi,Henry!”shouted  Annie.
“Shush!"said Jack.“We're not supposed to be up here.”

He glanced around the tree house again.
"I wonder who  owns  all  these  books,"he  said.He  noticed  bookmarks were sticking out of many of them.
"I like this one,"said Annie.She held up a book with a castle on the

Cover.

"Here's  a  book   about  Pennsylvania,"said  Jack.He  turned  to  the  page
with the bookmark.
"Hey,there's  a  picture  of  Frog  Creek  in  here,"said  Jack.“It's  a  picture of these woods!”
“Oh,here's  a  book  for  you,”said  Annie.She  held  up  a  book  about dinosaurs.A blue silk bookmark was sticking out of it.
"Let me see it."Jack set down his backpack and grabbed the book from her.
"You look at that one,and I'll look at the one about castles,"said Annie.
“No,we better not,"said  Jack.“We  don't  know  who  these  books  belong to."

But even as he said this,Jack opened the dinosaur book to where the bookmark was.He couldn’t help himself.
He turned to a picture of an ancient flying reptile.A Pteranodon.
He touched the huge bat-like wings.
"Wow,"whispered Jack.“I wish I could see a Pteranodon for real.”
Jack studied the picture of the odd-looking creature soaring through the sky.
“Ahhh!”screamed Annie.
“What?”said  Jack.
“A monster!”Annie cried.She pointed to the tree house window.

"Stop  pretending,Annie,"said  Jack.
"No,really!"said   Annie.

Jack      looked      out      the      window.

A  giant  creature  was  gliding  above  the  treetops!He  had  a  long,weird crest  on  the  back  of his  head.A  skinny  beak.And  huge  bat-like  wings!
It was  a real live Pteranodon!

The  creature  curved  through  the  sky.He  was  coming  straight  toward  the tree  house.He  looked  like  a  glider  plane!



The wind began to blow.
The leaves trembled.

Suddenly the creature soared up.High into the sky.Jack nearly fell out the window trying to see it.

The  wind  picked  up.It  was  whistling  now.

The  tree  house  started  to  spin.

“What's   happening?”cried   Jack.

“Get   down!”shouted   Annie.

She pulled him back  from the window.

The  tree  house  was  spinning.Faster  and  faster.

Jack  squeezed  his  eyes  shut.He  held  on  to  Annie.

Then  everything  was  still.

Absolutely   still

Jack  opened  his   eyes.Sunlight  slanted  through  the  window. There  was  Annie.The  books.His  backpack.

The tree house was still high up in an oak tree. But it wasn't the same oak tree.






3. Where Is Here?

Jack      looked      out      the      window.

He looked down at the picture in the book.

He looked back out the window.

The  world  outside  and  the  world  in  the  picture—they  were  exactly  the

same.

The  Pteranodon  was  soaring  through  the  sky.The  ground  was  covered with  ferns  and  tall  grass.There  was   a  winding   stream.A   sloping  hill.And volcanoes  in  the  distance.

“Wh-where are we?”stammered Jack.
The Pteranodon glided down to the base of their tree.The creature coasted to a stop.And stood very still.
“What  happened  to  us?”said  Annie.She  looked  at  Jack.He  looked  at her.
"I don't know,"said Jack.“I was looking at the picture in the book—”   	“And  you  said,'Wow,I  wish  I  could  see  a  Pteranodon  for  real,'”said Annie.
"Yeah.And then we saw one.In the Frog Creek woods,"said Jack.
“Yeah.And   then   the   wind   got   loud.And   the   tree   house    started spinning,"said  Annie.
"And we landed here,"said Jack.

"And we landed here,"said Annie.

“So that means...”said Jack.
“So that means  ...what?”said Annie.
“Nothing,”said Jack.He shook his head.“None of this can be real.”
Annie looked out the window again."But he's real,"she said."He's very real.”
Jack looked out the window with her.The Pteranodon was standing at the base of the oak tree.Like a guard.His giant wings were spread out on either side of him.
“Hi!”Annie shouted.
"Shush!"said Jack.“We’re not supposed to be here."

“But where is here?”said Annie.

"I don't know,"said Jack.
"Hi!"Annie  called  again  to  the  creature.
The Pteranodon looked up at them.

“Where is here?”Annie called down.
“You're nuts.He  can't talk,"said Jack.“But maybe the book can tell us.” Jack looked down at the book.He read the words under the picture:
This flying reptile lived in the Cretaceous period.It vanished 65

million years ago.

No.Impossible.They  couldn’t  have  landed  in   a  time   65  million  years

ago.

“Jack,"said Annie."He's nice.”

“Nice?”

“Yeah,I  can  tell.Let's  go  down  and  talk  to  him.”

“Talk       to       him?”

Annie  started  down  the  rope  ladder.

"Hey!"shouted     Jack.

But Annie kept going.

“Are  you  crazy?”Jack  called.

Annie   dropped   to   the   ground.She   stepped   boldly   up   to   the   ancient creature.








4. Henry

Jack gasped as Annie held out her hand.
Oh,brother.She  was  always  trying  to  make  friends  with  animals.But this was going too far.
“Don't  get  too  close  to  him,Annie!”Jack  shouted.

But Annie touched the Pteranodon's crest.She  stroked his neck.She was talking to him.
What in the world was she saying?

Jack  took  a  deep  breath.Okay.He  would  go  down,too.It  would  be good to examine the creature.Take notes.Like a scientist.
Jack started down the rope ladder.
When he got to the ground,Jack was only a few feet away from the creature.
The creature stared at Jack.His eyes were bright and alert.
“He's soft,Jack,"said Annie."He feels like Henry.”
Jack  snorted.“He's  no  dog,Annie.”
"Feel  him,Jack,"said  Annie.

Jack didn't move.
“Don't  think,Jack.Just  do  it.”

Jack   stepped   forward.He  put  out  his  arm.Very  cautiously.He  brushed his       hand       down       the       creature's       neck.
Interesting.A  thin  layer  of  fuzz  covered  the  Pteranodon's  skin. “Soft,huh?”said     Annie.
Jack  reached  into  his  backpack  and  pulled  out  a  pencil  and  a  notebook.

He         wrote:
soft skin
“What  are  you  doing?”asked  Annie.

“Taking  notes,"said  Jack.“We're  probably  the  first  people  in  the  whole world      to      ever      see      a      real      live      Pteranodon."
Jack  looked  at  the  Pteranodon  again.The  creature  had  a  bony  crest  on top  of his  head.The  crest  was  longer  than  Jack's  arm.

"I wonder how smart he is,"Jack said.
“Very smart,”said Annie.
"Don't count on it,"said Jack.“His brain's probably no bigger than a bean."
"No,he's very smart.I can feel it,"said Annie.“I'm going to call him Henry.”
Jack     wrote     in     his     notebook:

small         brain?



Jack looked at the creature again."Maybe he's a mutant,"he said. The creature tilted his head.
Annie  laughed.“He's  no  mutant,Jack.”
“Well,what's he doing here then?Where is this place?”said Jack.
Annie leaned close to the Pteranodon.
"Do you know where we are,Henry?"she asked softly.
The creature fixed his eyes on Annie.His long jaws were opening and closing.Like a giant pair of scissors.
“Are you trying to talk to me,Henry?”asked Annie.

“Forget it,Annie.”Jack wrote in his notebook:



"Did  we  come  to  a  time  long  ago,Henry?”asked  Annie."Is  this  a  place from  long  ago?”Suddenly  she  gasped.“Jack!”
He looked up.

Annie  was  pointing  toward  the  hill.On  top  stood  a  huge  dinosaur!




5. Gold in the Grass

“Go!Go!”said  Jack.He  threw  his  notebook  into  his  pack.He  pushed Annie toward the rope ladder.
"Bye,Henry!"she   said.
“Go!”said Jack.He gave Annie a big push.
“Quit  it!”she  said.But  she  started  up  the  ladder.Jack  scrambled  after her.
They tumbled into the tree house.

They  were  panting  as  they  looked  out  the  window  at  the  dinosaur.He was standing on the hilltop.Eating flowers off a tree.
“Oh,man,"whispered  Jack.“We  are  in  a  time  long  ago!”

The  dinosaur  looked  like  a  huge  rhinoceros.Only  he  had  three  horns instead of one.Two long ones above his eyes and one on his nose.He had a big shield-like thing behind his head.
“Triceratops!”said   Jack.

“Does he eat people?”whispered Annie.
"I'll  look  it up."Jack  grabbed  the  dinosaur book.He  flipped  through  the pages.
"There!"he  said.He  pointed  to  a  picture  of  a  Triceratops.He  read  the
caption:

The    Triceratops    lived     in    the    late     Cretaceous    period.This    plant- eating    dinosaur   weighed    over    12,000    pounds.
Jack  slammed  the  book  shut.“Just  plants.No  meat.”

"Let's  go  see  him,"said  Annie.

“Are  you  nuts?”said  Jack.

“Don't    you    want    to    take    notes    about    him?”asked    Annie.“We’re probably  the   first  people   in  the  whole  world  to   ever   see   a  real   live Triceratops.”
Jack  sighed.She  was  right.

"Let's  go,"he  said.

He  shoved  the  dinosaur  book  into  his pack.He  slung  it  over  his  shoulder and       started       down       the       ladder.

On the way down,Jack stopped.

He called up to Annie,"Just promise you won't pet him." “I  promise.”
“Promise you won't kiss him.”

“I  promise.”

“Promise you won't talk to him.”

"I  promise."
“Promise  you  won't—”

“Go!Go!”she    said.

Jack  went.

Annie  followed.

When  they   stepped   off  the   ladder,the   Pteranodon   gave   them   a   kind look.
Annie  blew  a  kiss  at  him.“Be  back  soon,Henry,”she  said  cheerfully.

"Shush!"said  Jack.And  he   led  the  way  through  the   ferns.Slowly   and carefully.
When he reached the bottom  of the  hill,he  kneeled behind  a  fat  bush. Annie knelt beside him  and  started to  speak.
“Shush!”Jack put his  finger  to  his  lips.

Annie      made      a      face.

Jack  peeked  out  at  the  Triceratops.

The  dinosaur  was  incredibly  big.Bigger  than  a  truck.He  was  eating  the flowers  off a  magnolia  tree.

Jack  slipped  his  notebook  out  of his  pack.He  wrote:
eats flowers
Annie  nudged  him.

Jack  ignored  her.He   studied  the   Triceratops  again.He  wrote:

eats   slowly
Annie  nudged  him  hard.

Jack  looked  at  her.

Annie  pointed  to  herself.She  walked  her   fingers  through  the   air.She pointed  to  the  dinosaur.She  smiled.
Was  she teasing?

She     waved     at     Jack.

Jack  started  to  grab  her.

She  laughed  and jumped  away.She  fell  into  the  grass.In  full  view  of the Triceratops!
“Get   back!”whispered   Jack.

Too  late.The  big  dinosaur  had   spotted  Annie.He  gazed  down   at  her from the hilltop.Half of a magnolia  flower was  sticking  out  of his  mouth.
“Oops,”said   Annie.

“Get  back!”Jack  shouted  at  her.
“He  looks  nice,Jack.”

“Nice?Watch  out  for  his  horns,Annie!” "No.He's      nice,Jack."
Nice?

But  the  Triceratops  just  gazed  calmly  down  at  Annie.Then  he  turned and  loped  away.Down  the  side  of the  hill.
"Bye!"said  Annie.She  turned  back  to  Jack.“See?”

Jack  grunted.But  he  wrote  in  his  notebook:
nice



“Come  on.Let's  look  around   some  more,”said  Annie.

As  Jack  started  after  Annie,he  saw  something  glittering  in  the  tall  grass.
He reached  out  and picked  it up.


A medallion.A gold medallion.

A letter was engraved on the medallion.A fancy M.
“Oh,man.Someone came here before us,”Jack said softly.



6. Dinosaur Valley

“Annie,look at this!”Jack called.“Look what I found!” Annie had gone up to the hilltop.
She was busy picking a flower from the magnolia tree.

“Annie,look!A  medallion!”
But Annie wasn't paying attention to Jack.She was staring at something on the other side of the hill.
“Oh,wow!”she   said.

“Annie!”

Clutching her magnolia flower,she took off down the hill.

“Annie,come   back!”Jack   shouted.

But Annie had disappeared.
"I’m going to kill her,"Jack muttered.
He stuffed the gold medallion into his jeans pocket.

Then he heard Annie shriek.

“Annie?”
Jack heard another sound as well.A deep,bellowing  sound.Like  a  tuba. “Jack!Come here!”Annie called.
“Annie!”
Jack grabbed his backpack and raced up the hill.

When he  got  to  the  top,he  gasped.

The  valley  below  was  filled  with  nests.Big  nests  made  out  of  mud.And the  nests  were  filled  with  tiny  dinosaurs!



Annie was  crouching next to  one  of the nests.And  standing  over  her was a  gigantic  duck-billed  dinosaur!
"Don't  panic.Don't   move,"said   Jack.He   stepped   slowly   down   the   hill toward  Annie.
The  huge  dinosaur  was  towering  above  Annie.Waving  her  arms.Making her  tuba  sound.
Jack  stopped.He  didn't  want  to  get  too  close.

He  knelt  on  the  ground."Okay.Move  toward  me.Slowly,"he  said. Annie  started  to  stand  up.
"Don't    stand.Crawl,"said    Jack.

Clutching  her   flower,Annie  crawled  toward   Jack.

The  duck-billed  dinosaur  followed  her.Still  bellowing.

Annie         froze.

“Keep  going,”Jack  said  softly.

Annie  started  crawling  again.

Jack  inched  farther  down  the  hill.Until  he  was  just  an  arm's  distance from  Annie.
He  reached  out—and  grabbed  her  hand.

He pulled Annie toward him.

“Stay  down,"he  said.He  crouched  next  to  her."Bow  your  head.Pretend to  chew."
“Chew?”

“Yes.I read that's what you do if a mean dog comes at you.”

"She's   no   dog,Jack,"said   Annie.

“Just   chew,”said   Jack.

Jack  and  Annie  both  bowed  their  heads.And  pretended  to  chew.

Soon  the  dinosaur  grew  quiet.

Jack  raised  his  head.

"I  don't  think   she's  mad  anymore,"he  said. "Thanks,Jack,for   saving   me,"said   Annie.
“You  have  to  use  your  brain,"said  Jack.“You  can't  just  go  running  to  a nest  of  babies.There's  always  a  mother  nearby.”
Annie  stood  up.

“Annie!”

Too       late.

Annie held  out  her magnolia  flower  to  the  dinosaur.

"I’m sorry I made you worry about your babies,"she said.
The dinosaur moved closer to Annie.She grabbed the flower from her.
She reached for another.
"No more,"said Annie.

The dinosaur let out a sad tuba sound.
"But there  are  more  flowers  up  there,"Annie  said.She  pointed  to  the top of the hill.“I’ll get you some.”
Annie hurried up the hill.
The dinosaur waddled after her.
Jack  quickly  examined  the  babies.Some  were  crawling  out  of  their nests.
Where were the other mothers?

Jack took out the dinosaur book.He flipped through the pages.

He found a picture of some duck-billed dinosaurs.He  read  the  caption:

The Anatosauruses lived in colonies.While a few mothers baby- sat the nests,others hunted for food.

So there must be more mothers close by.

“Hey,Jack!”Annie  called.
Jack  looked  up.Annie  was  at  the  top  of  the  hill.Feeding  magnolia flowers to the giant Anatosaurus!
“She's  nice,too,Jack,”Annie  said.
But  suddenly  the  Anatosaurus  made  her  terrible  tuba  sound.Annie crouched down and started to chew.

The dinosaur barged down the hill.



She seemed afraid of something.

Jack put the book down on top of his pack.He hurried up to Annie.



“I  wonder  why  she  ran  away,"said  Annie.“We  were  starting  to  be friends.”
Jack  looked  around.What  he  saw  in  the  distance  almost  made  him throw  up.
An enormous ugly monster was coming across the plain.
He  was  walking  on  two  big  legs.And  swinging  a  long,thick  tail.And dangling two tiny arms.
He had a huge head.And his jaws were wide open.
Even from far away Jack could see his long,gleaming teeth.

"Tyrannosaurus   rex!"whispered   Jack.




7. Ready, Set, Go!

"Run,Annie!Run!"cried  Jack.“To  the  tree  house!”
They dashed down the hill together.Through the tall grass,through the ferns,past the Pteranodon,and right to the rope ladder.
They scrambled up.Seconds later they tumbled into the tree house. Annie leaped to the window.
"He's  going  away!"she  said,panting.
Jack pushed his glasses into place.He looked through the window with her.

The Tyrannosaurus was wandering off.

But then the monster stopped and turned around.
“Duck!”said  Jack.

The two of them hunched down.
After a long moment,they raised their heads.They peeked  out  again. “Coast  clear,”said  Jack.
"Yay,"whispered   Annie.

"We have to get out of here,"said Jack.

"You made a wish before,"said Annie.
"I wish we could go back to Frog Creek,"said Jack.

Nothing  happened.

“I wish—”

“Wait.You were looking at a picture in the dinosaur book.Remember?” The dinosaur book.
Jack groaned.“Oh,no.I left the book and my pack on the hill.I have to go back.”
“Oh,forget  it,”said  Annie.

“I  can't,"said  Jack.“The  book  doesn't  belong  to  us.Plus  my  notebook's in my pack.With all my notes.”
"Hurry!"said   Annie.

Jack hurried down the rope ladder.

He leaped to the ground.

He raced past the Pteranodon,through the ferns,through the tall grass,
and up the hill.
He looked down.
There was his pack,lying on the ground.On top of it was the dinosaur book.
But now the valley below was  filled with  Anatosauruses.All  standing guard around the nests.
Where had they been?Did fear of the Tyrannosaurus send them home? Jack took a deep breath.
Ready!Set!Go!

He charged down the hill.He leaped to his backpack.He scooped it up. He grabbed the dinosaur book.

A  terrible  tuba  sound!Another!Another!All  the  Anatosauruses  were bellowing  at  him.
Jack     took     off.

He raced up to the hilltop.

He     started     down     the     hill.

He  stopped.

The  Tyrannosaurus  rex  was  back!And  he  was  standing  between  Jack and  the  tree  house!




8. A Giant Shadow

Jack jumped behind the magnolia tree.

His heart was beating so fast he could hardly think.
He peeked out at the giant monster.The horrible-looking creature was opening and closing his huge jaws.His teeth were as big as steak knives.
Don't  panic.Think.
Jack peered down at the valley.
Good.The duck-billed dinosaurs were sticking close to their nests.

Jack looked back at the Tyrannosaurus.

Good.The monster still didn't seem to know he was there.
Don't  panic.Think.Think.Maybe  there's  information  in  the  book.

Jack  opened  the  dinosaur  book.He  found  Tyrannosaurus  rex.He  read:

Tyrannosaurus rex was the largest meat-eating land animal of all
time.If it were alive today,it would eat a human in one bite.

Great.The book was no help at all.

Okay.He  couldn't  hide  on  the  other  side  of the  hill.The  Anatosauruses might  stampede.
Okay.He  couldn't  run  to  the  tree  house.The  Tyrannosaurus  might  run faster.
Okay.Maybe he should just wait.Wait for the monster to leave.

Jack peeked around the tree.
The Tyrannosaurus had wandered closer to the hill.



Something caught Jack's eye.Annie was coming down the rope ladder! Was she nuts?What was she doing?
Jack watched Annie hop off the ladder.

She  went  straight  to  the  Pteranodon.She  was  talking  to  him.She  was flapping  her  arms.She  pointed  at  Jack,at  the   sky,at  the  tree  house.
She      was      nuts!

“Go!Go  back  up  the  tree!”Jack  whispered.“Go!”

Suddenly  Jack  heard  a  roar.

The  Tyrannosaurus  rex was  looking  in  his  direction.

Jack  hit  the  ground.

The  Tyrannosaurus  rex  was  coming  toward  the  hill.

Jack  felt  the  ground  shaking.

Should  he  run?Crawl  back  into  Dinosaur  Valley?Climb  the  magnolia tree?
Just  then  a  giant  shadow  covered  Jack.He  looked  up.

The  Pteranodon  was  gliding  overhead.The  giant  creature  sailed  down toward the top of the hill.
He was  coming  straight  for  Jack.





9. The Amazing Ride

The  Pteranodon  coasted  down  to  the  ground.

He  stared  at  Jack  with  his  bright,alert  eyes.

What  was  Jack   supposed  to   do?Climb  on?"But  I'm  too  heavy,"thought Jack.
Don't        think.Just        do        it.

Jack  looked  at  the  Tyrannosaurus.

He  was  starting  up  the  hill.His  giant  teeth  were  flashing  in  the  sunlight. Okay.Don't   think.Just   do   it!

Jack   put   his   book   in   his   pack.Then   he    eased    down    onto   the Pteranodon's                  back.
He held on tightly.

The  creature  moved  forward.He  spread  out  his  wings—and  lifted  off  the ground!
They  teetered  this  way.Then  that.
Jack nearly fell off.

The  Pteranodon  steadied  himself,then  rose  into  the  sky.

Jack  looked  down.The  Tyrannosaurus  was  chomping  the  air  and  staring up  at  him.
The  Pteranodon  glided  away.

He sailed over the hilltop.

He  circled  over  the  valley.Over  all  the  nests  filled  with  babies.Over  all the  giant  duck-billed  dinosaurs.
Then  the  Pteranodon  soared  out  over  the  plain—over  the  Triceratops who was grazing in the high grass.
It  was  amazing!It  was  a  miracle!

Jack felt like  a bird.As light  as  a  feather.


The wind was rushing through his hair.The air smelled sweet and fresh. He whooped.He laughed.

Jack couldn't believe it.He was riding on the back of an ancient flying reptile!
The Pteranodon sailed over the stream,over the ferns and bushes.

Then he carried Jack down to the base of the oak tree.
When they came to a stop,Jack slid off the creature's back.And landed on the ground.
Then the Pteranodon took off again and glided into the sky.

"Bye,Henry,"whispered   Jack.
“Are you okay?”Annie shouted from the tree house.
Jack pushed his glasses into place.He kept staring up at the Pteranodon. “Jack,are you  okay?”Annie  called.
Jack looked up at Annie.He smiled.

"Thanks  for  saving  my  life,"he  said.“That  was  really  fun.” “Climb  up!”said  Annie.
Jack  tried  to  stand.His  legs  were  wobbly.

He felt a bit dizzy.

“Hurry!"shouted    Annie."He's    coming!”

Jack   looked   around.The    Tyrannosaurus   was   heading    straight   toward him!
Jack  bolted  to  the  ladder.He  grabbed  the  sides  and  started  up. “Hurry!Hurry!”screamed      Annie.
Jack  scrambled  into  the  tree  house.

"He's  coming  toward  the  tree!"Annie   cried.

Suddenly  something  slammed  against  the  oak  tree.The  tree  house  shook like a leaf.
Jack      and      Annie      tumbled      into      the      books.

“Make        a       wish!”cried       Annie.

“We  need  the  book!The  one  with  the  picture  of  Frog  Creek!”said  Jack.
“Where is it?”

He   pushed    some    books    aside.He    had    to    find    that    book    about Pennsylvania.
There     it     was!

He  grabbed  it  and  tore  through  it,looking  for  the  photograph  of  the Frog Creek woods.
He  found  it!Jack  pointed  to  the  picture.

"I wish we could go home!"he shouted.
The wind began to moan.Softly at first.
“Hurry!”Jack  yelled.
The wind picked up.It was whistling now. The tree house started to spin.
It spun faster and faster.
Jack closed his eyes.He held on tightly to Annie. Then everything was still.
Absolutely still.











10. Home Before Dark







A bird began to sing.

Jack  opened  his  eyes.He  was   still  pointing   at  the  picture   of  the  Frog Creek           woods.
He  peeked  out  the  tree  house  window.Outside  he   saw  the   exact   same view.
“We're   home,”whispered   Annie.

The  woods  were   lit  with   a   golden   late-afternoon   light.The   sun   was about      to      set.

No time had passed since they'd left.

“Ja-ack!An-nie!”a voice called from the distance. "That's Mom,"said Annie,pointing.

Jack  saw  their  mother  far  away.She  was  standing  in  front  of  their house.She looked very tiny.

“An-nie!Ja-ack!”she                      called.

Annie  stuck  her  head  out  the  window  and  shouted,“Come-ing!”

Jack  still  felt  dazed.He just   stared  at  Annie.

“What  happened  to  us?”he  said.

"We took  a trip  in  a magic tree house,"said Annie  simply.

"But  it's  the  same  time  as  when  we  left,"said  Jack.

Annie  shrugged.

"And how  did  it take us  so  far  away?"said  Jack.“And  so  long  ago?”

"You just looked at a book and  said you wished we could go there,"said Annie.“And  the  magic  tree  house  took  us  there.”
"But  how?”said  Jack.“And  who  built  this  magic  tree  house?Who  put all  these books here?”

"A magic person,I guess,"said Annie.
A magic person?
“Oh,look,"said  Jack.“I  almost  forgot  about  this.”He  reached  into  his pocket  and  pulled  out  the  gold  medallion.“Someone  lost  this  back there...in  dinosaur  land.Look,there's  a  letter  M  on  it."
Annie's eyes got round.“You think M stands for magic person?"she said.
"I  don't  know,"said  Jack.“I  just  know   someone  went  to  that  place before us."
“Ja-ack!An-nie!”came the distant cry again.
Annie poked her head out the window.“Come-ing!”she shouted.

Jack put the gold medallion back in his pocket.

He pulled the dinosaur book out of his pack.And put it back with all the other books.
Then he and Annie took one last look around the tree house.
“Good-bye,house,”whispered    Annie.
Jack slung his backpack over his shoulder.He pointed at the ladder. Annie  started  down.Jack  followed.
Seconds  later  they hopped  onto  the  ground  and  started  walking  out  of the woods.
"No one's going to believe our story,"said Jack.



"So let's not tell anyone,"said Annie.

"Dad won't believe it,"said Jack.
"He'll say it was a dream,"said Annie.

"Mom won't believe it,"said Jack.
“She'll say it was pretend.”

"My teacher won't believe it,"said Jack.

"She'll say you're nuts,"said Annie.

"We better not tell anyone,"said Jack.

"I already said that,"said Annie.
Jack sighed.“I think I’m starting to not believe it myself,”he said. They left the woods and started up the road toward their house.



“Of  course,”said  Annie.

"And  we'll  see  what  happens  next,"said  Jack. "Of  course,"said  Annie.“Race  you!”
And  they  took  off  together,running  for  home.